LOADING SUCKS MAKE IT BETTER.
Loading takes way too long on some pcs or if you have a huge amount of maps.
- Should be improved?
Now saves database, which should increase speed on subsequent loads on non-solid state drives.
On SSD probably almost no difference, but on a hard drive should? make a very large difference due to far less file operations.

MAJOR:
GOOD MENU - IS DONE

Gradual Volume Change tool - can mostly copy sv tool, though the various curves are probably not too necessary
Insert Break tool

Way to directly open maps skipping menu


All automatic break checks should depend on a boolean "autoBreaks"
If on load, breaks are "invalid" (objects during them, invalid starting/end time) autoBreaks will be disabled.
Breaks will all be saved in the Break Periods section, regardless of where they were.

Progress:
Breaks are displayed on timeline and in object view.
Right click to delete.
In progress: Left click ends to drag them. - done
Automatic updating:
Removal - Works?
Adjust a long object - Works, except for the overlapping objects part kinda, but I'm not that worried about that.
Adding -
    Working?
    Probably still some bugs if you do weird things, but mostly it should work.



- Settings menu
    - Gotta add those hotkey settings.

- Kiai - Done?

- Add way of getting hotkey string so that it can be appended to hover popup of certain controls

MAYBE:
Add scaling so lower resolutions can see a reasonable amount of stuff


MINOR:
In volume mode of view: Also display sample set on lines that change it and have a way to add a sampleset change?
Maybe tools? "Set Sampleset"
Maybe just a separate tool for each sampleset?
Hovering will highlight the current target area, from previous line to next line
Unless view has a selection, in which case it will be just from selected lines

Sort difficulties by difficulty?

Snaps may not generate correctly 100% of the time?

Selection tool shift + click to select all between currently selection and clicked point
If on left, from left end of selection, on right, from right end of selection (doesn't affect existing selection)
If in the middle, left middle: Selects from left side. Right middle, selects from right side. (smaller side)


Double-click to jump to an object



NOTE - Timing generation does not match stable?
I think stable generates one beat at a time, skipping to the next beat directly rather than incrementally



EXTRA STUFF:
Alternate song select - Simply file open dialog, without preloading all maps (= no load time)
Loading osu! skins

Snaps beyond 1/16? Using a custom set of snappings?

Limited selection - ex. only select kats or only select dons

save as tja?


NOTE:
Because snaps store precise positions and timing points are placed at integer positions, they may intermittently overlap/unoverlap depending on song position.
Anything that is placed on a snap will round using truncation.
Snaps are calculated based on the method used by lazer in its open source code.
As such, snap generation *does not* match live, and thus may result in 1ms unsnaps.


BUGS:
Sometimes audio will not play the first time you seek. Seeking again fixes this.
Changing speed before playing the audio at least once will result in audio issues. Seeking or pausing and playing again will fix this.
Seems ok?
When the snap divisor is set to 0 (none) the program is much (?) laggier. May simply be a visual illusion thing.